ERD description:

overview:
In general, I think it is best to minimize the information stored in this schema can be done by decreasing the
EVENTS table volume because its volume will be the largest, in addition to allowing queries to be executed
from this table and connecting all other information to it in one way or another.
 This was my guiding principle in design.

I chose to design the ERD in a somewhat hybrid STAR SCHEMA style.
According to the structure and relationships of the entities mentioned in the exercise,
I saw fit to design several dimension tables for each entity account, sub account,portfolio,campaign,ad_group and ads
so that if we want to display information about a particular entity in queries beyond its ID,
we will have to perform a JOIN, an operation that is not possible in most databases (especially columnar DB).

The entity relationships were explained in the exercise and therefore the connections
between them can be seen using foreign keys in the ERD schema.

My solution provides a solution for both historical queries and current data analysis,
but it is important to note that there is a limitation that the dimension and history are very large,
so there will be an increase in latency when executing historical queries because the events table will be very large.
I did several things in DESIGN to reduce this limitation:

1. Creating a time table that will store information about the times of the events.
This will eliminate the use of time functions, operations that burden most databases

2. Creating a BIDS table that will store information about each BID and LABEL.
 Since they can change more frequently (every hour), there is a field called is_latest that will only be TRUE for
 records that are up-to-date, which will make it easier to query this table.
 For example, there are advertisements with a BID that is updated, so in the BIDS table,
 only one record in the table will have the is_latest =TRUE field,
 which can significantly reduce the amount of information that will be retrieved in queries,
 and can also allow you to see the development of the BID over time.

3.